When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When wouldn't I?  I don't trust my computer or any computer.  I'm just a reboot away from total hardware failure as far as I'm concerned.  Keeping things local is like leaving your front door open in a bad neighborhood.  You're just asking to lose everything inside.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

This sounds like it could be conflict hell if changes were always being done automatically.  Much like when you chose to do commits yourself with one logical change at a time and not having them done automatically, the concept behind pulls feels the same.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks - cloning a repository from GitHub TO GitHub
Clones - cloning repositories either locally or from GitHub to local.
Branches - a separate line of commits that retain a separate "head" apart from the main.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

You can work with it offline without having access the remote version while being connected.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

For now, i wouldn't collaborate with anyone else except for may be one or two fellow students i've been working closely with.  For now, I don't know what their knowledge or Git/GitHub is like, and since my own working knowledge of the system is still pretty 'young', i'm afraid collaboration at this point might mess things up more than they help - although i AM willing to try!  

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

Deja-vu here... making changes to a separate branch makes sense when doing a single logical change to your code or the functionality of your code (reason for a commit) *AND* it is a change that you don't want to make "live" as part of the master branch like when making an experimental change or similar that you expect to break or are just trying out.

